# ClimateTree

Current events tell us that the climate crisis is in the hands of local leaders and residents as much as it is in those of national representatives and international decision making bodies. To this end, ClimateTree will leverage the global information universe and GIS mapping to accelerate the sharing of meaningful climate solutions research and action. 

At it’s core, ClimateTree is both a digital and social technology designed to facilitate a shared, cross-sector, just, green economy transition at the small-to-large city scale. It is based on finding comparable communities and allows basic to advanced users a means to research and geo-locate relevant climate solutions and resiliency strategies, including reports, news, curriculum, data visualizations, video, research articles and more. 

ClimateTree allows users to catalog and exchange locationally-relevant climate change action media with one another. The tool is designed to help users contextualize their local and regional climate change action plans by being exposed to relevant information about “places like theirs”. Ultimately, it  will help users understand what climate change actions are actionable and appropriate at any local, regional, state/territory and national level by helping them find real-life examples. All together, the user experience should be educational and uplifting, helping users to: celebrate already implemented climate change mitigation and adaptation actions, dive deeper in their awareness and knowledge; and on the most advanced level prepare nuanced policy and financing proposals for policy makers. 

The platform will leverage already existing web content from thousands of sources by allowing users to create hyperlinks into the master database along with critical tags such as location name, climate solution theme, and quality rating tags. Meanwhile the location name tags are linked to another database that has several geographic attributes for each location name tag. From this database, it is possible to produce default outputs of either embedded or listed content containing “climate solution stories from comparable places”. At the same time, more advanced filtering and visualization front end applications are possible for a more nuanced user.  

